Newsletters: add 372 (2025-09-19) (#2499)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2025-09-19-newsletter.md

  bit, adds a new `hold_htlc` flag on `UpdateAddHtlc`, and defines the release
  path.

- [LDK #4049][] implements the forwarding of [BOLT12][topic offers] invoice
  requests from an LSP node to an online recipient, who then replies with a
  fresh invoice. If the recipient is offline, the LSP node can reply with a
  fallback invoice, as enabled by the server-side logic implementation for
  [async payments][topic async payments] (see Newsletter [#363][news363 async]).

- [BDK #1582][] refactors the `CheckPoint`, `LocalChain`, `ChangeSet`, and
  `spk_client` types to be generic and take a `T` payload instead of being fixed
  to block hashes. This prepares `bdk_electrum` to store full block headers in
  checkpoints, which avoids header redownloads and enables cached Merkle proofs
  and Median Time Past (MTP).

- [BDK #2000][] adds block reorg handling to a refactored `FilterIter` struct
  (see Newsletter [#339][news339 filters]). Rather than splitting its flow
  across multiple methods, this PR ties everything to the `next()` function,
  thus avoiding timing risks. A checkpoint is emitted at every block height to

>   ensure that the block isn't stale and that we're on the valid chain.

Author: ```suggestion
  ensure that the block isn't stale and that BDK is on the valid chain.
```

  original proposals for redundant overpayments, Alice pays Zed by
  sending multiple payments through multiple routes in a way that only
  allows Zed to claim one of the payments; the rest of the payments are
  refunded to Alice.  The upside of this approach is that the first
  payment attempts to reach Zed can succeed while other attempts are
  still traveling through the network, increasing the speed of payments
  on LN.

  Downsides of this approach are that Alice must have extra capital
  (liquidity) to make the redundant payments, Alice must remain online
  until the redundant overpayment completes, and any payment that becomes
  stuck prevents Alice from being able to spend that money until the
  payment attempt times out (up to two weeks with commonly used
  settings).

  ZmnSCPxj's proposal allows Alice to pay only the actual payment amount
  (plus fees) and her Lightning service providers (LSPs) supply the
  liquidity for sending the redundant payments, providing the speed
  advantage of redundant overpayments without requiring her to have
  extra liquidity either briefly or until timeout.  The LSPs are also

>   able to finalize the payment while Alice's LSP is offline, so the payment

Reviewer: Is it the LSP that goes offline, not Alice?

  can be completed even if Alice has poor connectivity.

  Downsides of the new proposal are that Alice loses some privacy to her
  LSPs and that the proposal requires several changes to the LN protocol
  in addition to support for redundant overpayments.

- **Partitioning and eclipse attacks using BGP interception:** developer
  cedarctic [posted][cedarctic bgp] to Delving Bitcoin about using flaws
  in the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) to prevent full nodes from being
  able to connect to peers, which can be used to partition the network
  or execute [eclipse attacks][topic eclipse attacks].  Several
  mitigations were described by cedarctic, with other developers in the
  discussion describing other mitigations and ways to monitor for use of
  the attack.

## Changes to services and client software

*In this monthly feature, we highlight interesting updates to Bitcoin
wallets and services.*

- **Zero-knowledge proof of reserve tool:**

>   [Zkpoor][zkpoor github] generates [proof of reserves][topic proof of payment]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Zkpoor][zkpoor github] generates [proof of reserves][topic proof of reserves]
```
